mikeg, meitar
Mike Greenbaum (211747639), Meitar Sela (322396243)
EX: 2

FILES:
uthreads.cpp -- a file that has the implementation of the uthreads library
Scheduler.cpp -- a file that is responsible for the scheduling operations.
Scheduler.h -- a header file for scheduler.cpp.
Helper.cpp -- a file that contains utility functions.
Helper.h -- a header file for helper.cpp.
Thread.cpp -- a file that is responsible for handling one thread.
Thread.h -- a header file for Thread.cpp.
Makefile -- implement the make operation
README -- this file :)

REMARKS:
These are some remarks that
I want the graders to know
about this submission.

ANSWERS - PART 2:

Q1:

User level threads can be used for servers. User level threads are very easy to manage and create
(small overhead), but can use only one processor at a time. Therefore, for a server that needs to
do a big amount of tasks at once, and the tasks does not require a strong CPU power - user level
threads is the perfect choice. Also, It is important to remark that the threads can communicate with
each other because they have shared information, which is also an important quality for some servers.

Q2:

advantages:
* information between tabs is not shared.

disadvanteges:
* managing and creating tabs will be faster and easier with kernel-level threads.

Q3:
by writing the command strace kill 9521 we killed the process of shotwell.
When we wrote the command in the terminal, using the keyboard, there were interrupts sent from the keyboard to inform
the OS what we write which informs the terminal. When we pressed Enter, The terminal sent the signal SIGTERM with id 9251
to the OS and then the OS looked for the correct process, and then sends the signal to the process of shotwell.
Then, Shotwell kills itself and finishes running.

Q4:

Real time - measures the actual time in the world.
Virtual time - measures "computer time", a time it takes for the computer to do a single action.
Can depend on computer heat and other factors, therefore it is not constant.

Real time - when you want to set an alarm in the morning, you use real time.
When you want to measure a threads life - you use virtual time.
